[rocprofiler-compute] Build standalone binary with cmake (#2912)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-compute/README.md

* Use RHEL 8.10 docker image as the base image (only in docker method)
* Install python3.11 (only in docker method)
* Install python dependencies for runtime and building standalone binary
* Call the install cmake target with STANDALONEBINARY=ON cmake args. which will use Nuitka to build the standalone binary

You should find the rocprof-compute.bin standalone binary inside the `install/libexec/rocprofiler-compute/rocprof-compute.bin` folder in the root directory of the project.

### Things to note about standalone binary

* [Nuitka](https://nuitka.net/user-documentation/) is used for compiling the python interpreter, python dependencies and source code into C and then to a executable. The whole process takes about 30 minutes. The self-extracting standalone binary itself is approximately 150 MB in size, however, the total size of the extracted compiled artifacts is approximately 650 MB.

* By default, standalone binary extracts its contents to a directory `rocprof_compute_standalonebinary_<pid>` under `/tmp` parent directory upon execution, however, the parent directory can be configured as explained in standalone binary creation section.

> * When using docker method, since RHEL 8 ships with glibc version 2.28, this standalone binary can only be run on environment with glibc version greater than 2.28. glibc version can be checked using `ldd --version` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When using docker method, since RHEL 8 ships with glibc version 2.28, this standalone binary can only be run in an environment with glibc version greater than or equal to 2.28. glibc version can be checked using `ldd --version` command.
```
Has to be over 2.28? or >=?

Author: good catch
